Add GPU support (#3257)
kubernetes-sigs/kind: site/content/docs/user/configuration.md

**Note**: Kubernetes versions are expressed as x.y.z, where x is the major version, y is the minor version, and z is the patch version, following [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/) terminology. For more information, see [Kubernetes Release Versioning.](https://github.com/kubernetes/sig-release/blob/master/release-engineering/versioning.md#kubernetes-release-versioning)

### GPU Support

> Kind nodes can utilize GPUs by setting the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kind nodes can utilize GPU devices from the host, by setting the following:
```

aligning with the API godoc comment

Author: done
